Huh?
No!
The alarm has started ringing,
and we keep hitting
the ecological snooze bar again and again.
But unfortunately,
there seems to be no escape.
I'm afraid the end is near.
So, the problem's really that bad?
With every passing second,
we get closer to the end.
NEWS
- Is it really happening that fast?
- Yes! Even faster than you can imagine.
Listen. As I speak to you right now,
exactly one million plastic bottles
are being purchased around the planet.
And 20,000 of them
have already been thrown away.
We pollute the environment
with our garbage worldwide,
constantly buying things and foolishly
throwing them out without thinking.
Hmm? Hmm, yeah, you're so right.
The fate of the entire planet
is in our hands.
We have to make it to the broadcast
as soon as possible.
Whoa!
Do you mind if we get there in one piece?
Hey! Oh! My butt!
Hey, Necati. Are you okay?
Oh, I... I'm fine. No problem.
I'm camouflaging my face
for this operation.
And under my eyes.
So, are there enough dump sites
in the world
to take care of all the world's garbage?
No, of course there aren't.
Would you like to know
what the problem is?
The problem is that we're throwing away
more than we're recycling.
Take bags of potato chips, as an example.
Come on, they're everywhere.
It's horrifying.
Okay. Let's take a look
at what everyday people are saying.
So we should apply the zero-waste method
to every aspect of our lives.
That way, we won't pollute nature,
and save the planet
as we recycle all our garbage.
What's that?
- Yikes!
- Watch out, you crazy driver!
That was Mirket's van. He's nuts!
Great, we've made it!
Oh, whoa! Ow…
Come on, come on!
We have to get up there now!
Dolma! Hummus! Kofta! Hamentasch!
His concussion's turned him
into an international menu.
Necati! Come to your senses!
Peking duck? Dumplings?
Char bao, chop suey,
Chinese chicken salad.
The Necati you're trying to reach
is currently not available.
Come on, let's go!
So, what about that suggestion
from the little girl we just interviewed?
I mean, she said something like, uh…
"Recycling, zero waste,"
and I don't remember the rest.
Come on, that will take ages.
It won't work.
We've found more sophisticated solutions
to resolve environmental problems.
Don't worry.
Don't tell me what
they are. Let me guess.
Are you going to manufacture
giant garbage trucks?
Like that one!
Look at it. Oh, that's sweet!
It goes honk, honk, honk!
In my opinion, it's a very good idea.
- Don't be ridiculous!
- Uh, okay, I think it's ridiculous too.
- So what solution have you come up with?
- Ah! We met with many scientists,
and I thought of a great solution.
Although one of the scientists,
who's very annoying,
was quite opposed to my idea.
But I won't mention his name.
No! There's no point.
That nincompoop quit and left anyway...
Oh, let's say his name!
Here's his picture!
- Oh, what a garbanzo bean!
- Hilarious!
- Garbanzo bean!
- His head looks just like a garbanzo bean!
- He's got a garbanzo head, all right!
- What a garbanzo bean!
What are they saying?
I don't have a garbanzo bean head.
They kicked me off the project
for telling the truth!
But you really do
look like a garbanzo bean.
Şakir? What are you doing here?
Well, Mirket and Necati
are gonna barge in on a live TV broadcast.
Why is that?
Because the officials are about to make
the wrong decision.
I have to prove to those imbeciles
that I have a better idea.
Look, guys.
The studio entrance is right there.
But those guards
will never let us through.
Well, if we can't get in this way,
I'll find another way.
- Yeah, right. How?
- Just follow my lead.
But you have to be really quiet,
and not draw attention to...
Mommy!
What is that? I'm scared!
Oh, it's okay.
It's only my shadow.
We can go now.
Aha, behold!
The adventure gate that we special agents
see in all secret missions!
Don't be silly. There's no such thing
as an adventure gate...
Just be quiet and follow me.
Hey. Can you help me out,
garbanzo bean head?
I'll show you "garbanzo bean."
Whoa!
Thanks, GBH.
So what exactly is your solution?
It's so simple.
You see, we're going to load
all the world's garbage
in these huge space rockets.
We'll use thousands of rockets.
And then... Here comes the payoff.
Whoosh! We launch them all into space!
Problem solved. We're all good.
Goodbye, trash. See you never.
Sending all our garbage into space?
Wait a second.
Aren't we, uh, going to pollute space
just like we did on Earth?
Come on. Out in space,
it's not Earth's problem.
Where the heck is that studio?
It's 20 degrees south
and 12 degrees north.
20 degrees straight ahead!
Okay, I think we're here.
My super senses are telling me
that the studio is right below us.
Necati, are you sure
this is the right spot?
Come on, chief.
Relax, I've got this covered.
Very well, then.
Hello, dear viewers!
- Huh?
- What?
Shame on you, Mirket.
Bad, bad boy!
You shouldn't enter the ladies' restroom.
- You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
- It was a mistake to believe you.
Huh? Mirket, quick question.
What's heavier?
A pound of steel or a pound of Necati?
- What?
- Too late.
Whoa!
Dear viewers, we are interrupting
our broadcast with breaking news.
I have been informed
currently it's pouring pink elephants!
Hmm. We'll make it a school holiday.
Will elementary and middle school janitors
have time off as well?
- Huh?
- Oh!
This is the prime time news with slides!
Hip, hip, hooray!
Oh, wow! Oh, is this live? Hello!
I'm shouting out a big hello
to everyone watching us
from all the tasty pastry shops out there.
And also to the mincemeat and cheddar pie!
♪ Mincemeat and cheddar ♪
- Hey, come here.
- You are not allowed in here.
What do you mean?
No one can stop Special Agent Necati.
I've been stopped.
♪ Fly freely and return home safely ♪
Get that person's number.
Nice move.
Thanks to Necati, we've gotten rid of
the two security guards.
And now it's my turn to act.
So, when are you going to implement
this rocket solution?
We'll launch the garbage-carrying rockets
into space tomorrow morning,
if everything goes as planned.
You heard it, dear viewers.
- Rockets full of garbage will be launched…
- Excuse me.
- …Into space tomorrow morning.
- I can't reach. I'm not tall enough.
Okay, good.
- Ah! It's Garbanzo Bean Head!
- Security!
Security is gone.
Now, all of you.
All of you earthlings!
If you want to rid our planet of garbage
and secure its future,
you'll listen to me.
- Uh, the camera's there.
- Oh, it's over there?
Now, I'm going to show you
my new invention.
Thanks to this device I've created,
there will be no need
for ridiculous solutions
like sending our garbage into space.
Mirket, don't bother showing us a thing.
Stop wasting our time.
Your inventions never work.
You're inept and incompetent.
Accept it already.
I won't! This will work.
I will destroy the garbage everywhere,
saving the entire planet.
And you will witness it!
Now… let's take this bag of garbage.
Let me just adjust the settings. Uh-huh.
Aha!
You know, it's not gonna work.
Come on, Mirket, come on!
You can do it.
Now watch it work!
Yes, dear faithful viewers.
Garbanzo Bean Head's invention,
as you all just witnessed,
multiplies garbage
instead of destroying it.
Well done, chickpea head!
Wait, but... But it wasn't supposed
to be like this, I swear.
Since that guy's invention didn't work,
all those rockets
will be taking off tomorrow morning?
Most definitely.
This will be by far
the best solution for the whole world.
Go home, baba ghanoush brain. Go home.
You go work on your lame inventions.
Look at him. He was going to
save the world with that stupid thing?
Did he even test it before showing it
to us? And he calls himself an inventor.
Disgraced on a live broadcast
in front of the whole world.
He deserved it.
♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Mirket's machine didn't even work
When he took it on the TV ♪
♪ Oh! Looks like a failure
One more failure, one more of many ♪
- ♪ Oh! Now he doesn't know what's wrong ♪
- ♪ Wrong! ♪
- ♪ How's he gonna clean up garbage? ♪
- ♪ Garbage ♪
♪ So much trash everywhere
How do you get rid of it? ♪
♪ Did Mirket bite off
More than he could chew? ♪
- ♪ What's he gonna do now? ♪
- ♪ Do now ♪
- ♪ He's just failed so badly ♪
- ♪ What can he do? ♪
- ♪ His gadget didn't work ♪
- ♪ Garbage ♪
- ♪ Filling up the street now ♪
♪ What's just one person
Supposed to do anyway? ♪
♪ There's so much trash ♪
♪ Oh! Feelings of despair
No will to repair ♪
- ♪ Where will he run to? ♪
- ♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Just go home now,
just go home now ♪
♪ What will he do now?
What will he do now? ♪
♪ What will he do now? ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
- Come on, move it!
- Out, troublemaker!
I haven't recovered yet.
The cologne didn't work.
You fellas, you'd better throw
two plates of rice in my face.
What you need is a super kick!
A super kick, you say?
Will I get a real kick out of it?
- One, two, super kick!
- Ready!
Guys, your kick was so delicious.
Can I have the recipe, please?
Huh? Whoa. This is Mirket's invention.
I wonder why he threw it away.
Huh? What'd I do?
What's happening? Why is it on?
Whoa! Wait a second!
Oh! Oh, my!
Wait. How do I turn it off?
Good night, Mirket. Good morning, Mirket.
Good inventing to you, Mirket.
Nothing good about it,
Artificial Intelligence 4914.
So did your garbage invention work?
Were you successful?
I failed, big time.
All my inventions are failures anyway.
My garbage destroyer didn't work.
It malfunctioned.
It did something I can't explain.
Look at them! Every one of my inventions.
They're good for nothing.
Would you like me
to offer you some cookies?
- Ow!
- A perfect landing.
Cookies are good for the hair, Mirket.
They are nutritious and delicious indeed.
Enough! I'm so tired of this work.
I don't want to think
about anything anymore.
Come here!
I'm throwing away all of my inventions.
I'm not exhausting my brain anymore.
No one appreciates me
for trying to save mankind anyway.
Don't worry, Mirket.
Your complete list of inventions
are all saved in my memory bank.
No more inventing.
No more math, no more physics.
I'm done! Even crossword puzzles.
No more old Mirket!
I like your positive attitude
towards life, Mirket.
Attention, citizens!
The trash rockets will be launched
tomorrow morning.
We kindly ask you
to throw away the last of your garbage.
The rockets will be launched
tomorrow morning.
We kindly ask you
to put all your garbage in the truck.
Ah, my dreams,
I'll miss you.
Goodbye. See you on the other side.
Good morning, Mirket.
Good night, Mirket.
The time has come.
All the garbage in the world will be
launched into outer space this morning.
I think this refuse rocket project
is a huge mistake.
The first garbage rocket
will be taking off soon.
If we pollute space,
I think even greater dangers await us
in the future.
Five, four, three, two, one.
Blast-off.
Launch successful.
The first rocket to take
our trash into space has left our orbit,
and started a journey
far away in the vacuum of space.
Officials have stated
that this solution will definitely work,
and more new rockets are being prepared.
Future generations will never
forgive us for this ridiculous solution.
This is a huge mistake!
And one that might spell
the end of the world as we know it.
One year later.
Ugh. I have had enough.
I'm leaving this stupid ship!
Kadriye, don't be silly.
Where will you go?
You said we were going on a luxury cruise
in the South.
Tell me where the beach is.
And where are the sun beds?
And the seafood buffet?
We've been at sea for three months,
and all we've seen is snow and ice.
Ice, snow. Ice, snow. Snow, ice.
- Ice, snow!
- What's nice?
Not "nice", I said "ice." Ice!
Just ice everywhere!
Uh-oh.
Kadriye, what should I do?
Canan said we had to go south
to try to find Mirket.
How should I have known
that "south" meant the South Pole?
Don't make me even angrier, Remzi.
My goodness.
It's so cold here that the words we say
freeze in the air when you say them!
LOOK
Well, I think it's just great.
Look, Mom. Watch!
"Adventure"!
"Entertainment"!
So, "dinosaurs shooting lasers
out of their eyes."
I'll show you dinosaurs!
Argh!
- Stop, Kadriye!
- Mom and Dad! Will you calm down?
I guess you've forgotten
why we came all the way here.
We need to find Mirket
as soon as we can.
We haven't been able to find him
for a year.
I don't think we'll find him here either.
It's like he just evaporated.
By the way, who's looking after
the little ones right now?
It has been a year
since the launch of the garbage rockets
into space, dear viewers.
About 5,000 rockets
have currently been launched from Earth.
And for now, everything is going well.
The streets are much cleaner.
Everyone is happier and pleased…
Hey, if you want some more food,
I can whip something up for you, okay?
Hello, friends out there.
Welcome to my channel.
Today, we're at the South Pole.
Dear brothers and sisters,
I ask you all to be a little serious now
and to pay attention!
You won't be
getting anywhere by behaving...
Oh! Oh! Ow!
♪ I'm a rappin' dude
And I like great food ♪
♪ I go out of my way
For a great buffet ♪
♪ I quiver and shake
For a slice of sweet cake ♪
♪ Yo-yo-yo-yo-yo ♪
Necatis, what are you doing?
- Huh?
- Oi!
Didn't I specifically tell you to behave?
Argh!
Help!
Stop!
It's starting to snow.
Listen, kids.
If we're not gonna find Mirket,
I'm gonna end this trip
as quick as possible!
Besides, Canan. What makes you think
that Mirket is at the South Pole anyway?
As I'm sure you know,
every month I go to look at the many bills
piling up in front of Mirket's laboratory.
While I was going over
his last credit card bill,
guess what I saw?
- "Thermal underwear"?
- Underneath that entry.
A hotel in Ushuaia.
So, what does that mean?
Ushuaia is a city
in the south of Argentina.
- And in Ushuaia...
- Oh! Ushuaia! Ushuaia!
Who cares about that place?
I'm cold right now!
Just get to the point!
- Okay, okay. So, now, Ushuaia...
- Oh!
Not to shock you, Mom,
but with the clues I've gathered,
it seems
Mirket could be around here somewhere.
Possibilities, possibilities.
You're clearly
chasing some dream again, Canan.
Huh? Oh, for heaven's sake! What is that?
- Something's falling from the sky!
- Huh?
Oh, my gosh. I think that's a spaceship!
We should go help them, Mom.
Yeah! Yeah!
It's an adventure. Let's go help them!
Son, calm down.
You come back here! Uh-oh.
How do we know they aren't dangerous?
- I have a bad feeling... Don't go there!
- I wanna go see!
This is amazing!
No running!
Remzi! Go get the mini Necatis.
We're going too.
- What kind of alien is this?
- Oh, it's starting to snow harder.
Come on already.
Let's all get back to the ship.
Okay. Come on. Let's all lift
this thing up together, okay?
Come on! It's heavy.
Up!
Okay, we gotta move!
Guys, which way is our ship?
I can't see anything in this snow.
Stay close to each other!
Oh! In a minute, we'll be frozen solid.
It's okay, we're not lost.
Stop thinking that.
Huh? It's a cabin.
Good. Let's get inside.
Oh! I'm frozen!
Lift it up, come on! Put it here.
♪ Yo, I'm a rappin' Necati
And I'm cold as ice ♪
♪ And you know there's one thing
I'm spicy and nice ♪
♪ Yo-yo-yo-yo-yo ♪
Oh. Let's eat! Let's eat!
This stuff's high fiber!
Let's eat, let's eat…
Huh? Uh. Hmm.
Hey! How come it's not moving?
Because, Şakir, this robot's frozen.
Poor thing.
I'll make it some nice lemon mint tea,
then it'll feel all better.
Mom, it's a robot.
It can't drink any hot tea.
It's an alien robot.
Why isn't it working?
I guess it's broken.
What is this? USB input?
"USBI" input?
Well, if you don't mind, I'd like to
charge my phone for a few minutes.
Good, then. I'll plug it in now.
Uh-uh. Whoa!
Whoa!
Huh?
Gotta go!
- Mirket?
- What?
Is it you?
We finally found you!
Well done. You found me. Yes.
A big round of applause.
Look, I'm fine. Okay? Okay.
You can go now.
What do you mean?
We've been looking for you for a year,
and that's the first thing you say to us?
Hey! I missed you so much, Remzi!
I'm so glad you found me. Yippee!
There, is that better? Now get out.
Mirket, hug me too.
Oh, my goodness.
What should I have done when I saw you?
Bake a pie? Whip up cheese dip? Ugh!
Hey, if anyone's gonna make
some great dip, that'll be me.
Canan, bring me
some of that grated cheese.
Wait a minute, Mirket.
You can't just get rid of us.
We've got many Necatis. We couldn't deal
with one, now there's seven.
Yummy, yummy, yeah, yeah!
Look, we brought this crazy device
that split him up.
- It did a great job.
- Come on, Mirket.
You can't keep hiding forever.
For one thing, you have to fix Necati.
Sorry. You came for nothing.
I stopped using my brain
a long time ago, you see?
Look.
Hilarious! Now we're smarter than Mirket.
I threw away all my work and projects.
They're long gone.
And I don't remember a thing.
The system is rebooting.
Investigating environment.
The system is ready.
ANALYSIS
- Hey! The robot's working.
- Mr. Robot. So how are you, sir?
Hey you, do your parents know you're here?
Have you called them today?
COMPUTING
Ugh. Your clothes
have been ripped to shreds.
Why did you go outside
in the freezing cold?
Let me see, you might have a fever.
Hey, guys. How's it going?
Welcome to my channel, robot.
Okay, we're gonna do the robot dance.
Come on, show everyone.
That's it!
Your turn, robot.
Estimated arrival time
is four minutes and 20 seconds.
Arrival? What arrival? Who are you?
Where are we? What's going on?
Don't you have questions, guys?
Mr. Robot,
is a wrap eaten with a single pita
- or a double pita instead?
- Single.
How many times a day
is a broken watch correct?
- Twice.
- But that's if the watch isn't wound up.
Of course, it could be a cuckoo clock!
Would you excuse me for a moment?
Hello, Mr. Robot.
Please introduce yourself.
My name is KRM-2.
I was produced by the Galaxy Federation.
And I was sent here to save your planet
from its doomed future.
It is my duty to protect and defend you
against evil forces.
Whoa, evil forces? Which ones?
Nearly 100
of the garbage-filled rockets you fired
traveled to a planet
where there are also forms of life.
Your rockets caused great destruction
and have all been grounded.
Because of the destruction,
these life forms have set out
to take revenge on you,
and they are about to arrive.
Then, they will settle on your planet
and live here happily ever after.
After they destroy all of you, of course.
You stand very little chance of survival,
to put it nicely.
You reap what you sow.
It's like I told you.
It was the biggest mistake we ever made
to send our trash to space.
They have sent one spaceship here
ahead of the others.
And the full fleet is positioned ready
to attack outside of Earth's atmosphere.
Well, we must stop them.
We can't let them take over our planet.
Their weaponry is far too advanced
for you powerless earthlings
to survive at all.
- You have zero chance.
- Wow, that bad?
I am the only
thing that can stop them.
That is why they are trying so hard
to destroy me.
Yum!
No, Necati! No! No biting. Stop it!
Time is running out. We must go to
the Space Agency right now.
I have to hack my way
into the computer system
and connect to your rockets
that you sent to space
so I can use them against the aliens.
To defeat them,
we must use every available option.
Mirket, do you know
where the Space Agency is?
Or the circle of space
or whatever they call it?
I beg your pardon? What'd you say?
I can't hear you.
My brain can't hear things anymore.
So sorry.
Come on, Mirket.
You can't stop trying because some
of your inventions didn't work.
Inventors don't give up.
What? Where are you, Canan?
My brain can't even
see you. Are you here?
Mirket clearly won't help.
In that case,
we'll have to handle all this ourselves.
Mmm… Wait, I found it!
There's an airport 35 miles away.
If we get there, we can find a plane
to take us to the Space Agency.
Creating a route to
get us to the airport.
Fantastic! So you've created your route.
Oh, my! And the weather has improved too.
You can leave now. Everyone out!
Go on, move it! Get out!
Take your bags and little Necatis
and get out of here!
Hide and seek!
Shoo! Go! I came to the other side
of the world to be alone,
and yet still,
you decide to come and find me, huh?
It's unbelievable, really. Goodbye!
Mirket, you open this door!
You have to fix Necati!
Okay, guys, guess what?
I think we have a major problem.
Huh? Oh! What's that?
I've got a bad feeling about this.
Same here.
That wood I ate is giving me bad gas.
Mirket, open up!
These aliens are coming!
Oh, you see aliens? Of course you do.
But my brain can't hear you!
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la ♪
Hide! Now!
Oh!
- Do you believe me now, Mirket?
- Your butt's on fire!
Put it out! Put
it out! Put it out!
Not with a stick!
Ow! Not with a stick!
Come on, we gotta go!
- Oh! Oh!
- Go where?
Here! Get on! Jump.
Hey! Oh, boy. Hang on tight,
we're going through those two rocks!
Mirket, hold on!
How do you know we'll fit through?
Canan, slow down.
Signal when changing lanes!
Mom! Don't distract me! Please!
Did you check the oil
and wiper fluid before we left?
- Huh?
- Ah! Hello, Kadriye.
Remzi, what are you doing?
Just rolling along.
Let go of me!
Welcome to my channel,
Necati lovers!
Snowball fight!
Ready for action!
Give it to me. I'll eat it.
Remzi, will you let go already?
Uh-oh.
Mirket, watch out! Behind you!
Mirket, hold on!
You've got trouble!
What? Is is a flat tire?
Is the stove on? What is it?
- Oh!
Oh, yes! A cave!
We'll lose them.
Wow, these aliens are really persistent.
Icicles ahead.
Well, it's worth a try.
Aha! We did it!
Get out of here.
Remzi, if you could sit still,
I would appreciate it!
You're a fine one to talk!
You have no idea what I just went through.
Huh? The brakes are bad,
and the throttle's stuck!
What are we going to do?
Canan! Their throttle's stuck.
We gotta do something!
The probability of saving them is 9%.
The risk is too high. Negative.
Hey, they're my family!
Jump on. We don't have much time!
- Go on. You go first.
- Here goes!
Huh? What's that?
It's the end of the road.
Şakir, stop!
Huh?
It's frozen.
The lake's frozen over.
Ah! Get some perspective.
At least we've managed to come this far
without any…
…accidents!
No one move even an inch!
So I shouldn't be break-dancing?
Is that right?
Of course you shouldn't!
Now, everybody move
as slowly as possible towards the shore.
Kadriye? Where is Kadriye?
- Remzi, I'm over here!
- Kadriye, don't move a muscle!
- And don't break-dance either!
- Huh? What?
Mom, don't move!
They are here.
They are here!
Oh, no. What do we do?
My coat. Oh no, it's stuck.
We have to save Kadriye.
Whoa! Dad, stop!
We have to get to shore right away.
Mom! We can't just leave her there.
Pressure, time and square feet
are calculated.
There are approximately 15 seconds
until this ice will collapse.
We must go.
Oh, no. They're getting closer.
Necatis!
Whoa, what are they doing?
I'm not sure,
but I think they're saving Mom.
Negative. They're not saving your mother.
They are in fact kidnapping her.
They will do anything
they can to stop us.
What are we waiting for?
We have to go save her right now!
There is a 0% probability of saving
your mother by engaging the spaceship.
- It would be illogical...
- But we can't leave my mom behind!
Take me to the Space Agency.
I have a 9% chance of stopping them
that way.
Under these dire circumstances,
this is the only course of action.
Oh, no! It's coming towards us!
- Over here.
- Huh?
Huh?
It's a cover.
It's gotta open...
Come on, everyone. Follow me!
Be careful, but hurry.
Let's not waste time!
Where are we? What is this place?
I don't know.
Just walk, keep going. In here.
It's really dark.
Yeah, I'll see if I can find a light
somewhere. There's a lever.
- I'll pull it.
- Argh! That was my arm, idiot!
Whoops.
Hey!
Don't be scared. It's just me.
It's this really cool mask.
I just found it here.
Well, it looks very old.
This place must be an old army bunker,
am I right?
Don't look at me, Canan.
My brain doesn't work anymore.
Hello? Who's that?
Mirket speaking.
Okay, I think that this time
I found the right lever.
Hmm. Wow, interesting.
Incredible.
To me, it looks pretty ordinary.
A radio!
Hello? Hello?
No, it's not working.
Hmm? What's this?
This is a telegraph machine.
You can use it
to send messages in Morse code.
If it still works,
we can ask someone for help.
Hello. Stop. We are very hungry. Stop.
Send six cheese sandwiches.
Six chocolate milkshakes. Stop.
Uh, sir.
Someone sent an emergency message.
"Six cheese sandwiches
and six chocolate milkshakes."
Hmm. The milkshakes: chocolate or vanilla?
- Chocolate, sir.
- Mm-hmm.
Allow me.
Hello. Evil aliens have arrived.
Come and help us. Stop.
One kebab special. Pick up.
Chef! Chef! A new order has arrived.
It says, uh,
"Aliens have arrived. Come and help us."
- Hmm. So are aliens good or bad?
- They're bad.
Mm-hmm…
We're wasting our time here.
What the heck was that?
- The aliens!
- Where?
Estimated time for the aliens' arrival
is exactly three minutes and 30 seconds.
That submarine!
We'll escape in the sub.
Come on. Everybody in. Quick, quick!
Okay, I'm jumping in!
What are you doing?
He said the submarine, not in the water!
Oh!
I thought Şakir meant
"to go under the water."
Evacuate quickly.
So who here can steer a submarine?
It's quite easy, dear.
We steer using this thing.
- It's not working...
- Because it's a life preserver!
Yeah!
Oh, no. The exit to the tunnel
is closed off.
So then how do we get out?
We did it!
- All right!
- We sure did!
A one, a two,
a one, two, three, four.
♪ Come on, guys ♪
- ♪ Hop, hop, hop, hop ♪
- ♪ Dance to the rhythm ♪
♪ Hop, hop, hop, hop, hop ♪
♪ Hippity, hippity, hippity, bam, bam
Hoppity, hoppity, hoppity, bam, bam ♪
♪ We hit the road,
in the ice cold ♪
♪ No time for sleep
No time for reading ♪
♪ Escaped underwater
Mini-submarining ♪
♪ Aliens on attack
We had to fight 'em back ♪
♪ Dude, we can't call this a sub
It's more like a mini-marine machine ♪
- ♪ What's a mini-marine machine? ♪
- ♪ It's a super-duper mini-sub! ♪
♪ It's a mini deep-sea creature
Mini deep-sea diver ♪
♪ Mini deep-sea party
One, two, three, here we go! ♪
♪ Hippity, hippity, hippity, bam, bam
Hoppity, hoppity, hoppity, bam, bam ♪
Canan, please don't worry, sweetheart.
We won't leave your mother behind.
We are going to save her.
How can we save her
by running away from them?
We're wasting precious time now.
- I can't believe my eyes!
- What do you mean?
Mirket, what's happening?
Is it a new adventure?
Fireball-throwing ninja dinosaurs
or laser-firing one-eyed vampires?
I'm afraid it's even worse.
I don't believe it.
Didn't...
Didn't we send all of this garbage
into space?
That was supposed
to make the world cleaner.
Just look! If only my stupid invention
had worked back then.
I could have gotten rid of
all this garbage.
Determining the optimum route
to get us to the airport.
Are you seeing this?
Those cowards lied to us!
The world is far from being clean,
and you still want to go to the airport?
We must now get moving,
or your world will not just be filthy,
it will actually be completely destroyed.
Ruined forever.
If that happens, you will not even have
a planet to call filthy anymore.
The route has been created.
Let us proceed north.
Huh? Did you guys see that?
That garbage can just moved.
Negative. No life form whatsoever
is detected.
Oh, I must have imagined it.
We all deserve it!
What are they saying?
You say weeds deserved it?
Why would weeds deserve it?
Not "weeds."
They're saying, "We deserved it."
We all deserve it!
Look, my friends.
Their father is here too.
You are lost in very dirty lands,
where all of us exist in total isolation.
- Ho-ho-ho-ho-how?
- What happened to this place?
They said that there was no garbage left
in the whole world...
We all deserve it!
But no one ever keeps their word.
We haven't learned from our mistakes.
No. We seek help from outer space instead.
This wise man shines like a star!
Thank you, wise man,
for explaining it so well!
Uh, what did he say?
Wise One,
could you please explain it simply?
What exactly happened here?
♪ We all deserve it!
We all deserve it! ♪
♪ Everyone threw out
All of their garbage ♪
♪ Nobody picked up
All of that garbage ♪
♪ Nobody cared to separate garbage ♪
♪ Nobody cared to recycle plastic ♪
♪ We had a good Earth
This was a clean Earth ♪
♪ But we destroyed it
With all our garbage ♪
♪ We should have cleaned up
We should have cleaned up ♪
♪ We neglected separating
All the different garbage ♪
♪ How are we so lazy?
And why don't we just clean up? ♪
♪ We can never do that again
If we want a future ♪
♪ We must all
respect our Mother Nature ♪
♪ Mother Nature! ♪
♪ We all deserve it!
We all deserve it! ♪
You should put this song on the Internet!
You'd get a million hits, easily.
The higher-ups think we're saved
because we're sending garbage into space.
But it's made it worse.
Now we're polluting the environment
without thinking,
and we're not even worried about it
because we'll just keep shooting it
into space!
You are right.
That is exactly what you are doing.
Hey, guys. The airport sign.
AIRPORT
Let's go.
Where are we, in an airport junkyard?
All the planes are damaged
as if someone bombed them.
I'm not sure we'll find anything
that we can use here.
Huh? Wait a minute. What's this?
What's what?
This.
That is a tracking device.
- What? What do you mean?
- Calculating.
The time before they arrive
is approximately one hour,
if we are lucky.
Then we need to get
out of here right now.
I wish one of these planes worked.
It is worth trying.
Scanning in progress.
70% of parts are functional.
This plane is the least damaged.
Time required to assemble parts
is 17… hours.
17 hours?
The aliens will have already found us
and tore us apart by then.
I have a question.
Your invention
broke the garbage into pieces.
Can we reverse it
so that it can put things together
and make them whole?
We can certainly use that function
to our advantage.
I don't know.
Like I said, I trashed all my projects
a year ago.
I don't remember anything.
But I can do it.
This is test one.
Test one failed.
A new solution must be produced.
Test two.
Test two failed.
A new solution must be produced.
Hey, hold on. What if we don't
get this done by the time they arrive?
What then?
We will resist!
We will fight!
We will do our best
for the safety of the whole world!
If we have to, we'll eat salmon kebab!
Since they're on their way to stop us,
then let's teach them a lesson
they'll never ever forget.
I can teach chemistry and physics,
if need be.
Test three.
Test three fails, like the others.
What caused the failure?
Failure is currently being investigated.
Failure is a choice, most of the time.
Not giving up is the real success.
Those words...
Yes, that's right.
They're Mirket's words.
Hey, Mirket. Do you remember?
I couldn't do a backflip in gym class
years ago.
I tried and tried a thousand times
but failed.
Then you saw me at the gym
and gave me a pep talk.
And you said those exact words.
And what happened then?
I didn't give up, trying for hours.
After a few days, I was able to do
as many backflips as I wanted to do.
Can I ask you to say those words
one more time, please?
Hmm? Mm-hmm.
Test 63.
- It worked!
- That's it! We did it!
You're a genius!
Yeah! It worked! It worked!
It worked, it worked, it worked!
Uh, where are the little Necatis?
Just where'd they go?
- Huh?
- Yeah, where'd they go?
Where are they?
Did someone call me?
- Huh?
- Necati, it's you!
- You're back!
- Yippee!
You pulled yourself together!
The most popular character
in the world is finally back.
Back-a-show-me-wow-wow!
I hope you've learned
never to mess with my inventions.
And Mirket,
I hope you won't give up ever again.
You can be sure of that, Şakir.
I will never give up again.
No! When I separated the garbage on the TV
that day...
Huh? "When I separated"? Wait a sec.
What'd I say?
I said, "When I separated the garbage…"
When I separated the garbage!
- Eureka! I found it!
- What did you find?
My invention works!
My invention never failed at all.
It works! It can be used for garbage.
Yes, but your device
disassembles and assembles it.
- So how would that be useful for garbage?
- No, that's not it. It's not that simple.
This device does not only
shred the garbage,
it totally separates the garbage.
Watch this. I'm going to use my invention
on this trash.
Do you see now?
Glass, metal, plastic and organic.
It separated the garbage by type.
That's true!
This represents a revolutionary step
for recycling technology.
I did it! An unprecedented invention!
According to my calculations, we have
Mirket, you can celebrate later.
We need to get out of here now.
Okay, okay. The plane is in one piece,
but we need to refuel it now.
Remzi, Canan? Come with me.
There must be fuel somewhere around here.
Uh-huh.
Şakir, I will help you
to stop the aliens.
I know what to do. Come with me.
Well, I'm joining the aliens.
'Cause they're way stronger.
No, you're not, Necati. Come with me.
You're gonna help us.
Hey, if we lose,
I don't know you. We're strangers.
In fact, I don't even know you now.
Ugh, who are you? Let go of me!
We got this!
Wow! This is so great!
Ha!
This is awesome!
- Hyah!
- Huh?
- Şakir!
- Wow, my son's become a superhero.
Just like his father.
This is crazy!
Very well done, chief.
You did a really good job.
Uh, wait. Where's Necati...
Super Necati is coming!
Whoa!
He made it himself.
I had no input.
I fly like an elephant,
and I scatter honey like a bee!
Oh, my!
What's going on?
It's out of gas!
Can you call my lawyer?
I think I've got a case.
Huh? Hey, what's that sound?
They have arrived.
They have arrived!
- Is the plane ready?
- It still needs a little work.
I can take care of it
if you can buy me some time.
You got it!
We're ready, let's get started!
We are ready!
Okay, guys. This plane's ready to go.
- You're amazing, Mirket!
- But the wings on it aren't very sturdy.
Be very careful
during takeoff and landing.
Alert: sonic bomb!
- What?
- Oh, no!
Huh? Our way to escape's been destroyed.
If only we had had a little more time,
then this never would have happened.
You should never make
an elephant janitor mad.
Because he never… forgets!
Bucket hit!
Pail power!
Broom attack! Broom boom!
Super soap power! In your face!
There's a spacecraft over there.
If we take it,
we can go to the Space Agency.
According to analytics, besides me,
I've determined who the smartest person
in your group is.
- Thank you, my robot.
- Uh...
- He means me.
- Canan.
We gotta save Kadriye.
So you have to get us
on that spaceship first.
Just drop me off
at the nearest donut shop.
Okay, come on, then!
Oh…
Powerful Earth Warriors!
I'll stall them.
You go to the ship.
- To the ship. Now boarding…
- I'm ready to rumble!
Hey! Captain!
Does this fly by The Grand Bazaar?
OH, MY!
Uh-oh!
Janitor power!
Let me sweep this up.
Clean up on Lane 2!
Nice work, Necati.
We'd better get moving!
Taking off. Hold on tight.
Huh?
Hmm…
All right! We've docked with the ship.
I will jump first, my friend.
How about a goodbye kiss?
Don't be silly.
We'll jump together.
Oh, really? Then let's say something
when we jump out.
- What shall we say?
- The first thing that comes to mind.
Let's see what happens.
- So, are you ready?
- Okay.
One, two, three.
Mashed potatoes!
This is true friendship, Remzi!
We're thinking the same thing
at the same time.
I agree!
Are these two always like that?
That's a yes.
Whoa!
Huh?
Necati, do you hear what I'm hearing?
Massage music is playing, Remzi.
I guess we've come
to a very expensive place.
This place is way too fancy.
This ship is so big
that it probably has a spa in it.
Oh, we found it!
This spa's gotta have a sauna.
- Let's work up a sweat and leave.
- No!
Oh! Look at this.
Wait a sec. That's Kadriye's coat.
Who knows what experiments
they did to Kadriye?
I hope that we're not too late.
Necati?
Kadriye? What did they do to you?
- You have the same hair.
- But what happened to you?
Necati,
that's a broom that you're holding.
Leave it. Come on,
we gotta get out of this place.
But be very careful.
We've gotta past these aliens
without waking anyone up.
Okay, all right.
And then we can make a stop at the buffet.
Necati, you're still banned from
all-you-can-eat buffets. You know that.
So the buffet is all-you-can-eat,
but it's a "no-you-can't-eat" to Necati!
Necati, you bankrupted three hotels
because you ate all of their food.
The tourists had nothing to eat!
Don't make me yell. Walk quietly.
Huh? Sorry, don't mind me, sir.
Hmm?
I'm being very slow and careful. Oh!
You can do it.
Just a little further.
Yes.
We're almost there.
Ah!
For a moment there,
I didn't think I was gonna make it.
Huh?
Hey! Is this a surprise party?
How long until we reach the space center?
Calculating. ETA, three minutes.
Three? We won't even last a minute
at this rate.
Oh! Şakir!
That's the last one.
Şakir Airlines wishes you a safe,
wonderful flight.
Come on. Let's go find the control room.
Remzi, what do you think
they'll do to us now?
They'll eat us like kebabs.
Or even worse, fry us like chicken.
When you put it that way,
I'm not afraid. But I feel hungrier.
Necati, calm down.
We're in this together.
- Remzi, buddy.
- Hmm?
How about a hug?
Hey, look, Remzi.
These aliens picnic just like we do.
Dungangi bunga, "Have a nice day."
Repeat now.
Have a nice day!
Hmm… Takuntaa? "What's up, bro?"
"What's up, bro?"
- Let's repeat now.
- What's up, bro?
Very nice.
All right, that's enough for today.
Tomorrow, we'll learn
how to apply for a loan. How about that?
Kadriye! Are you all right?
- Did they do any weird experiments on you?
- Excuse me? And you are?
Kadriye, I'm Remzi, your husband.
Look, this is Necati.
You and I have two children together.
Huh? I don't recall that.
Oh, no! I guess when Kadriye
fell through the ice, her head froze.
She doesn't remember us!
Argh! Boys, go play with your ball
somewhere else.
Didn't I tell you already? Come on!
Hey! Remzi! Necati!
Now I remember you!
Kadriye, it's you!
Thanks so much, guys.
Your kick reset my lady...
So, Remzi, where are Şakir and Canan?
They're headed to the space center
with a robot and Mirket.
But these aliens are trying to stop them.
These are bad aliens, Kadriye. Really bad!
Uh-uh! I've never seen them
being bad, Remzi.
They've only been super nice to me.
Hmm. Interesting.
So you say they're nice.
Wow. I never thought of that.
Hey! Hey, earthlings!
Oh. Remzi, look, this is their commander.
Really?
Why in the world
did you kiss that alien's hand, Remzi?
I don't know, Kadriye.
I was excited!
Why don't you ask
for a picnic table for two?
No. Come with me,
and I will explain everything to you.
Perfect. Now we'll get it done.
Success.
I have logged into the rockets' network.
Everything is ready.
Those big trash rockets
you sent from your planet a year ago
went everywhere, scattered all over space.
And your garbage landed on us
and hundreds of other planets.
At that time, while we were looking for
the source of the garbage,
we noticed this.
The debris from a rocket
that crashed on the planet Terra X
combined with an organism
already dumped there.
The artificial intelligence card
inside that organism was activated,
and the robot named KRM came to life.
But… isn't that our robot?
This robot has only one mission.
And that is to take revenge on you
and your planet.
What? Don't look at me.
This has nothing to do with Necati.
I'm just here for the food!
He tried to reach your planet
on a spaceship he stole from us.
So we followed him from a distance.
And then we were able
to catch up with him.
We've been trying to stop him ever since.
So… that means…
you aliens were never actually
the bad guys.
The real bad guy is…
EARTH
ACCESS GAINED
What?
Wait, the world's a target?
Why'd you type that?
I did it because now…
is the time for revenge!
Don't be silly. Let me go!
- Bye!
- Ah!
Hey!
Mirket launched me into space.
He threw me away like trash
with other garbage and pieces of junk.
I was left to die alone.
Completely alone, in outer space.
Do you know how terrible that was
for me to end up there?
And now, it's finally time
for some well-deserved revenge!
I will gather all of the garbage you have
sent to space in the last 12 months,
all those thousands of rockets.
And… I will throw
it on top of you!
Your world will be a worse place
than it ever was before.
You will suffer a slow death
in the garbage!
You humans deserve that fate.
It can't be! You…
You're Artificial Intelligence 4914!
Good night, Mirket.
Good morning, Mirket.
Do you want me to give you a cookie,
Professor Mirket?
I created you.
So why are you...
Why would you do this to all of us?
Because you created me.
Then you tossed me away.
Now you will pay for what you did.
You reap what you sow.
The operation has started.
THE OPERATION HAS STARTED
Your hero Şakir has returned.
How are you doing?
I'm not doing very well.
Huh? What's going on here?
Şakir, the robot
is sending all the rockets back to Earth.
That was his evil plan
from the beginning. He used us!
You must stop him.
Blow up the computer. Do something!
It is too late now.
It has nothing to do with the computer.
I transferred everything to this remote.
The only thing that will stop the rockets
now is this remote,
and I am in command of it.
You see, I have decided
I will press this button,
sending rockets to end all of mankind.
You can't decide that. Enough!
You are finished. You have played
with that suit long enough.
Huh? Uh, what's happening?
Whoa!
Now, if you will excuse me,
my rocket is about to take off.
I really do not want to be here
when all the garbage
comes crashing back to Earth.
If we don't find a solution to this,
all the rockets are going to fall to Earth
in exactly five minutes, 10 seconds.
Hop on, let's go.
We won't be able to catch 'em
at this rate.
We need a miracle.
That's our only chance!
- Kebab crush!
- Bomb-bake!
Pizza! Uh-huh.
Oh, boy!
Look guys, it's the restaurant workers
Necati sent a message to!
Never underestimate a kitchen staff,
my friend.
Jalapeño!
He fainted.
Robot! The robot's leaving!
Move!
Hello, robot!
With your flying skateboard gone…
…you'll never get off this rocket
in one piece!
I'm not the one who matters here.
Good morning, Mirket.
Good night to me.
Explosion in five seconds.
Huh? Canan?
You don't get to be the hero all the time,
you know.
Go on. Press the button.
Quickly. Press it already!
Come on, Canan, press it.
Go on. Push it.
What are you waiting for?
What? Why in the
world did you do that?
I'm doing this for all of us, Şakir.
Huh? What do you mean?
Are you crazy, or what?
You're creating a worldwide disaster.
We are already in a disaster.
With each passing day, month, year,
we're doing more and more
to harm the place we live in.
To our planet, even to space,
to the entire universe.
Aren't you aware of that?
We need to learn from our mistakes.
We should not try to run away
from our problems.
- We have to solve them somehow.
- This is the solution?
We should let our entire planet
be covered in garbage?
Listen! We created all this garbage.
It's on us to clean it up.
We must face our problems
and try to find a solution.
And in creating all that,
we must never give up, no matter what.
Şakir, trust me on this.
I'm doing the right thing.
One year later.
Dear viewers,
today marks the one-year anniversary
of Trash-mageddon.
As a matter of
fact, exactly one year ago,
And every continent got totally trashed.
So whose trash was this? It was ours.
It was the garbage we sent into space.
Whatever happened,
it went around in a circle
and come right back at us.
So, was it really that bad?
Not quite... On the contrary,
maybe it was a good thing.
Yes, yes, maybe we were scared at first.
We ran away. We left our homes.
But then, somehow, we learned to deal with
our trash like responsible citizens.
We began separating it! Recycling it!
And made our world as clean as before.
We achieved the impossible.
Yeah. We all did this.
All by ourselves.
Uh, don't you have anything
to say about this, Mr. Expert?
Well, um… Okay, look,
um… What can I say?
You can do it, sir. Go on.
Okay, very well.
I'd like to apologize to everyone.
I was totally wrong.
But now I realize my mistake.
Not just me, in fact.
We all feel guilty.
Now everyone is aware
of their responsibilities.
We are all now more conscious
of the zero-waste principle.
That's because... Because we've learned
at last to think not as individuals,
but as a conscious society.
The act of cleaning up
our own personal space
means we clean the whole planet
in the process.
Sounds like you need to apologize
to a special someone out there, right?
Uh, ugh, um…
Yes, okay. Fine.
I also apologize to Professor Mirket.
And you also need to add that you…
I'm the one with the garbanzo bean head!
Ah! Okay, great.
Now, would you please take a minute
to tell us a little bit
about the zero-waste application?
The definition of zero waste is that
all discarded trash must be reused,
regardless of whether it's organic
or plastic.
It can never be burned or dumped
into the land, water or air,
as that could threaten the environment
and human health.
Thanks to the smart recycling garbage cans
designed by Professor Mirket,
all the garbage we throw away
is sorted into categories,
making the zero-waste system
more useful and easy than ever before.
Mm-hmm. Well, what do you think?
Will we be able to one day forget
this disaster?
Well, I hope not.
Because surely,
the heroes who love our planet,
like Canan, Şakir
and all the children watching us today,
will always remind us of our mistakes,
and of this dark chapter
in our recent history.
Hey! How are you doing, neighbors?
Everyone listen to me.
Ah! I bet he's
going to sing a song.
That's right! I'm starting.
Remzi, just follow my lead.
All together. One, two, three, four!
♪ Tick, tick, tick, tick
Let's make it quick ♪
♪ Clean up the streets
It's up to us now ♪
♪ We have a plan
Mirket's machine ♪
♪ Separate trash
And keep the Earth clean ♪
♪ We must protect our Mother Earth ♪
♪ She's all we have
So let's give her our best ♪
♪ Bottles and cans
Coffee and tea ♪
♪ Not in the streets
In the recycling bin ♪
♪ In the blue bin
In the green bin ♪
♪ Now that you know
That's where it goes ♪
♪ Treat the Earth right
It's yours and mine ♪
♪ Now is the time
To give the planet a shine ♪
♪ The world is beautiful
We'll keep it this way ♪
♪ We'll separate garbage
Like recycling ninjas ♪
♪ Let's clean our homes
And let's clean the sea ♪
♪ That's how we clean
The air that we breath ♪
♪ Tick, tick, tick, tick
Let's make it quick ♪
♪ Clean up the streets
It's up to us now ♪
♪ The sky got hazy
'Cause we got lazy ♪
♪ But now we all know
That cleaning's amazing! ♪
♪ Necati in the tree
Don't you fall down! ♪
♪ Climb down and help us
Clean up this town ♪
♪ After we're done
We'll head to the sea ♪
We'll clean up the beach ♪
♪ Clean up the beach
Clean up the sea ♪
♪ Clean up the streets
We can't do it alone ♪
♪ Tell all your friends
Helping feels right ♪
♪ Put in your time
And make the Earth shine ♪
♪ Tick, tick, tick, tick
Let's make it quick ♪
♪ Clean up the streets
It's up to us now ♪
♪ Tick, tick, tick, tick
Let's make it quick ♪
♪ Clean up the streets
And we'll all have a party! ♪
THE END